Week 2;
I joined the Team called TREE NEW BEE.The team numbers are Zeshi Wu,Yue Xu and Yangxi He.
We want to choose topic three (Accommodation Web Portal),so I have read the background and basic objective carefully.
We want to finish the four core components including accommodation advertising module,visitor request module,accommodation search module and accommodation review module.

Week 3;
I focus on writing the Proposal of the project and have a deep understanding of the project.
According to learn the demo of many example about accommodation application,we want to Four core components:
1:Accommodation advertising module;in order to advertise properties and maintain advertisements for provides of
accommodation.
We want to finish this module firstly.
2:Visitor request module;for users
3:Accomodation search module;
These two modules are to help users to finds properties and filters out inappropriate ones.
4: Accommodation review module

Week 4:
We decided on the each teammate's role in this project;I focus on the function about the API and routes;
Zeshi Wu took responsibility for the Fronted end;I took responsibility for the Backed end.

Week 5:
We have tested the page about the login and logout function;Users can register their account number of this
application.We talk about that users can use only one page to advertise their information and search other
property information.

Week 6;
We have finish the basic function in order to demo1;
Visitor request module – for users they can put their requests and get a simple and useful feedback of the available
accommodations.Secondly, they also can select and book preferred accommodation.
I will finish the Review and comment model in next week.

Week 7;

I create the comment model including the forms.py, models.py and views.py.
In models.py, I finish the class Comment.
content = db.StringField(requried=True)
author = db.ReferenceField(User, required=True)
created = db.DateTimeField(default=datetime.datetime.now)
The reason is that we need the comment ,author ,datetime information.

Week 8;
This is the demo2.
we have finished the Demo2;
I am mainly responsible for the Review module, which means that users can
publishes a review about properties.
I create the documentary called comment and finish this function.
user who do not login the portal website cannot commit the reviews.

Week 9;

I continue to write the review modules.
After users committed the comments,they can delete their own comment.
However, they cannot delete other user' comments.

Week 10;

This is the demo3;
Our team should add the module about renant.
The funtion is that renants can publish the requests about properties and the properties' owner
can search the relating requests.

Week 11;

We have basically finished the functions of this project.
Accommodation advertising module – for providers of accommodations to advertise
properties and maintain their advertisements
2. Visitor request module – for users to:
a. put their requests and get a simple and useful feedback of the available
accommodations
b. select and book preferred accommodation
3. Accommodation search module - finds properties and filters out inappropriate ones
4. Accommodation review module – publishes a review about properties (optional)


Week 12;

this is the last demo,and prepare the presentation about my own part --- API and Review Module

