Week 2;
I joined the Team called TREE NEW BEE.The team numbers are Zeshi Wu,Yue Xu and Yuan Gao.
We want to choose topic three (Accommodation Web Portal),so I have read the background and basic objective carefully.
We want to finish the four core components including accommodation advertising module, visitor request module,vaccommodation search module and accommodation review module.

Week 3;
I focus on writing the Proposal of the project and have a deeper understanding of the project.
I read a lot of articles about online accomodation web portal,we want to Four core components:
1:Accommodation advertising module; In this module, providers of accommodations can advertise properties and maintain their advertisements.
The users also can find suitable properties and reserve them, and publish a review about properties.
2:Visitor request module; Visiors can put their requests and get a useful feedback of the available accommodations.
They also can select preferred accommodation.

3:Accommodation search module;
These two modules are to help users to finds properties and filters out inappropriate ones.
4: Accommodation review module

Besides these four core components, we decided to add the User module, which can include the function to  sign up 
your new account and log in previous account.It Is really useful in practical application.


Week 4:
We decided on the each teammate's role in this project; I focus on the GUI part.


Week 5:
We have tested the User module including the page about the login and logout functions;



Week 6;
We have finished the basic function in order to demo1;
Visitor request module – for users they can put their requests and get a simple and useful feedback of the available
accommodations.Secondly, they also can select and book preferred accommodation.
I will finish the accomodation gui in next weeks.

Week 7;

i finished the base.html, signup.html, working on the edit html. publish page

Week 8;
work on the base.html

Week 9;

work on the accomodation publish page, accommodation edit page


Week 10;

debug for previous work

Week 11;

use bootstrap to make page look better

Week 12;
this is the last demo,and prepare the presentation about demo.

